.TH UPNPC "1" "January 2018" "miniupnpc" "User Commands"

.SH NAME
upnpc \- miniupnpc library test client.


.SH SYNOPSIS
Add port redirection:
.br
\fBupnpc\fR [\fIoptions\fR] \fB\-a\fR ip port external_port protocol [duration]

Delete port redirection:
.br
\fBupnpc\fR [\fIoptions\fR] \fB\-d\fR external_port protocol <remote host>

Get Connection status:
.br
\fBupnpc\fR [\fIoptions\fR] \fB\-s\fR

List redirections:
.br
\fBupnpc\fR [\fIoptions\fR] \fB\-l\fR

List redirections (using GetListOfPortMappings (for IGD:2 only):
.br
\fBupnpc\fR [\fIoptions\fR] \fB\-L\fR

Add (any) port redirection allowing IGD to use alternative external_port (for IGD:2 only):
.br
\fBupnpc\fR [\fIoptions\fR] \fB\-n\fR ip port external_port protocol [duration]

Delete range of port redirections (for IGD:2 only):
.br
\fBupnpc\fR [\fIoptions\fR] \fB\-N\fR external_port_start external_port_end protocol [manage]

Add all redirections to the current host:
.br
\fBupnpc\fR [\fIoptions\fR] \fB\-r\fR port1 [external_port1] protocol1 [port2 [external_port2] protocol2] [...]

Add Pinhole (for IGD:2 only):
.br
\fBupnpc\fR [\fIoptions\fR] \fB\-A\fR remote_ip remote_port internal_ip internal_port protocol lease_time

Update Pinhole (for IGD:2 only):
.br
\fBupnpc\fR [\fIoptions\fR] \fB\-U\fR uniqueID new_lease_time

Check if Pinhole is Working (for IGD:2 only):
.br
\fBupnpc\fR [\fIoptions\fR] \fB\-C\fR uniqueID

Get Number of packets going through the rule (for IGD:2 only):
.br
\fBupnpc\fR [\fIoptions\fR] \fB\-K\fR uniqueID

Delete Pinhole (for IGD:2 only):
.br
\fBupnpc\fR [\fIoptions\fR] \fB\-D\fR uniqueID

Get Firewall status (for IGD:2 only):
.br
\fBupnpc\fR [\fIoptions\fR] \fB\-S\fR

Get Outbound Pinhole Timeout (for IGD:2 only):
.br
\fBupnpc\fR [\fIoptions\fR] \fB\-G\fR remote_ip remote_port internal_ip internal_port protocol

Get Presentation url
.br
\fBupnpc\fR [\fIoptions\fR] \fB\-P\fR


.SH DESCRIPTION
.B upnpc
is a sample program for
.B miniupnpc
library.


.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BI -e " description"
set description for port mapping.

.TP
.B -6
use ip v6 instead of ip v4.

.TP
.BI -u " url"
bypass discovery process by providing the XML root description url.

.TP
.BI -m " address/interface"
provide ip address (ip v4) or interface name (ip v4 or v6) to use for sending SSDP multicast packets.

.TP
.BI -z " localport"
SSDP packets local (source) port (1024\-65535).

.TP
.BI -p " path"
use this path for MiniSSDPd socket.

.TP
.BI -t " ttl"
set multicast TTL. Default value is 2.


.SH "SEE ALSO"
external-ip(1)
http://miniupnp.free.fr/
